The walk-around.
We have explored many mediums or methods that you'll be using to
communicate with your team or other members of your organization.
Here is another method and it is most informal and adhoc of them all.
This activity supports a more personal level of
interaction with casual dialogues.
Let's check it out.
Now why would we do a walk-around?
To get connected and stay connected you need to
walk around and talk to your team.
Work alongside them, ask questions, and be there to help when needed.
And again, these are very casual drop-in visits.
They are also very impromptu.
That is, unplanned with the employee or the team member.
Now sometimes I have them planned in mind as the leader.
For example,
I'm going to get some coffee from the kitchen and on the way
back I'm planning to stop at someone's office.
I don't know which one.
But I do want to drop in on one or two people.
So that is really the extent of my planning and what I'm
calling the walk-around is also known as management by walking
or even management by wandering around, MBWA,
and these refer to a style of business management,
which involves leaders and managers like yourself,
walking around in an unstructured manner,
through the workplaces at random to check in with employees about
the statuses of their work or how they're doing. Now let's see the benefits and there are many.